Who ordered takeout?
Our boss made a lot of money
Let me send it to anchor Xu.
reliable
Oh, what a pity.
Xu Shiyang didn't want to host anymore, so he listened to the poetry
If it weren't for Zhou's eyes that broke his heart
I wouldn't be so embarrassed
Remember to tell your boss.
Please continue to pay attention to our Xiaoxu.
Hey.
His back seems to be screaming
Hey, hey, little snow, little snow
Light Snow Light Snow
This person bought your poison pig and made money to thank you
rude
Sure
Miss Xu, I am the fiancee who is easy to see
I already called myself a homeowner
Miss Xu has nothing to say to me?
Miss Rong, you are a famous lady
And I'm just an office worker
Is there anything to talk about between us?
Please get out of the way
Then I'll just say it
Please stay away from Zhou Yanjin in the future
Stop pestering him
We have broken up
Besides, I didn't bother